I propose to conduct a Youth Summit on climate change and Environmental Sustainability at Kshitij.
I propose to get the event Hardware Exhibition of Technology General Championship certified by IMechE.
I propose to Conduct an Orientation Workshop for interested first year students on General Algorithms and Coding.
I propose the involvement of Industry in organization of Technology General Championship events.
I propose to introduce a reimbursement scheme for Kshitij participants from outside India. 
I propose the formation of Inter IIT Students’ Committee.
I propose the formation of the Post Graduate Sports Committee.
I propose an Inter IIT action plan in order to improve the performance of IIT Kharagpur at the Inter IIT level.
I propose a website completely dedicated to Sports and Games of IIT Kharagpur.
I propose to introduce regular fitness tests of the inter iit probable players and thereby maintain the profile database of each one of them.
I propose to set up a small area games society which will include the games carrom,darting and billiards.
I propose the ISO 9001:2008 Certification for Spring Fest, so as to enhance the quality and Working Standards of the Fest.
I propose to provide Institute Transport during Inter-Hall Dramatics Events and Entertainment Group events to ensure safe procurement of Sets and Instruments.
I propose to conduct dramatics workshop by professionals for students of IIT Kharagpur.
I propose formation of a Technology Photography Society.
I propose organizing a Food festival during Spring Fest, to showcase the diversity of food culture in India.
I propose to introduce a gymkhana award to appreciate and encourage the social work done by a student of the institute.
I propose formation of a language club to provide an opportunity for the students to learn various languages of India.
I propose to conduct the Technology Meet between various IITs in the month of December encompassing various events in the field of Science and Technology.
I propose to encourage more participation from the post graduate students in the organization of Kshitij by having post graduate student advisors for technical events of Kshitij.
I propose to have a theme based Problem Statement for the event Product Design of Technology General Championship instead of the event being open-ended.
I propose to introduce a new short film or documentary making event in the Social Cultural General Championship.
I propose to introduce workshops in 3 different cultural genres namely dance, dramatics and music.
I propose to extend our genre of “Great Adventure”.
I propose to conduct a national level Street Play competition on a social theme in Spring Fest.
I propose to provide a national platform to the winners of some major events organised in Spring Fest.
I propose to organise a few events during the course of the next academic year for the student community of IIT Kharagpur.
I propose to set up a case study society under the aegis of the Technology Students’ Gymkhana.
I propose to set up an Information Forum which will act as an information cell for various student related events and conferences across the world in the fields of science and technology.
I propose to make an Open IIT for selected events of the Technology General Championship to develop interest amongst first years and second years.
I propose to conduct for the first time in the history of IIT Kharagpur, a techno-law event titled “JAGRITI”  “gyanam-asti shakti”.
I propose to publish an e-magazine, “Kharagpur Technology Review”.
I propose to introduce a new event in Technology General Championship. The problem statement of the event will come from industry. 
I propose to open a new society by the name of Aeromodelling Club under the banner of Technology Students’ Gymkhana.
I propose to set up a ‘Student Internship Committee’ to provide better internship opportunities for students with the help of our alumni network.
I propose to increase lighting and augment the existing security system between Hotel Park and Puri Gate, in view of the regular eve-teasing incidents.
I propose to establish electronic notice boards at three conspicuous places in the campus.
I propose to introduce a new section in the existing gymkhana website where the newly elected and nominated student office bearers of the Technology Students’ Gymkhana shall post their proposals and update their progress regularly.
I propose to improve upon the quality of mess food by introducing training for mess staff during summers.
I propose to introduce an online payment gateway to ease the payment of various fees and fines by students.
I propose to create a Placement Preparation Committee under the Training and Placement Cell.
I propose to increase awareness among the post-graduate students and UG students residing in MMM of Gymkhana activities including the inter-hall general championships, fests and societies.
I propose to take measures to address the transport and security needs of the student community.
I propose the formation of a Grievance Cell, to look into and solve various complaints and grievances of students of IIT Kharagpur.
I propose to make the process of procuring a No Due Certificate for the final year students more convenient.
I propose to institute a student’s research fund which will be used to pay a stipend to students working on projects under institute professors in the Summer. 
I propose to create a new website exclusively for the Training and Placement section to cater to the needs of students and companies.
I propose to start a system by which a weekly e-mail would be sent to all the students of IIT Kharagpur.
